
[08:28:31 pm] <Luqman> brson: was there any talk of mut on ident patterns in the meeting? ( https://github.com/mozilla/rust/issues/9792 )
[08:30:21 pm] <brson> Luqman: yes, I believe we want it
[08:30:26 pm] <brson> pcwalton: can you confirm?
[08:31:04 pm] <Luqman> sweet, once i clean up my branch later i'll send a pull
[08:39:29 pm] <pcwalton> brson: we didn't really talk about it at the meeting but I'm totally in favor and I think everyone is
